---
layout: post
title: "Why we love Cosplay Hulk"
description: ""
author: stpyang
tags: [stephanie,humor]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

<meta property="og:image" content="/assets/images/cosplay_hulk.jpg" />
<img style="float:left; width: 200px; padding:10px" src="/assets/images/cosplay_hulk.jpg" alt=""/>

This is our first post which is about neither statistics nor bitcoin.
It is about something we like almost as much: *Cosplay Hulk*. Who?!?
He is the wonderful guy shown in the picture to the left who blurs the
line between idiocy and genius.

Like most Americans, we spend too much time reading
[reddit](http://www.reddit.com) which, for better or worse, gives us
some insight into what it's like to do things we never ever actually
do in real life, such as playing video games (because we have too
little time) or worrying about school (because we are way too old).
Cosplay falls squarely into this category.  We think it's really cool
that people build costumes from scratch and put themselves out there
for all to admire and/or mock. For those of you who
[don't know what cosplay is][googlecosplay], think Halloween taken to
a freakish new level by nerds.  And while some cosplayers are hot,
many are not, but *all* have one thing in common: too much free time
on their hands.

Cosplay costumes are a *much* bigger investment in effort, time, and
money than average laymen like us would ever dare to spend in a
costume.  As a result, most of them are pretty good, and a few of them
are [downright amazing][goodcosplay].  Enter Cosplay Hulk, who has
smashed the bounds on what it means to be *bad* at something. In his
debut photo, he can be seen hanging out with his cosplay Avenger
friends.  We consider his co-Avengers to be quite lucky because their
costumes are shitty enough to merit a fair amount of ridicule, yet
*nobody* notices them because...oh my god WHO is that on the
right?!?!?!

<!-- more -->

<meta property="og:image" content="/assets/images/avengers_1.jpg" />
<img style="float:right; width: 300px; padding:10px" src="/assets/images/avengers_1.jpg" alt=""/>

In a classic case of "so bad it's good," we've come to adore Cosplay
Hulk, and here are three reasons why.

1. ***Cosplay Hulk has ruined the other Hulk for us.*** From now on,
if you're going to dress up as Hulk, it doesn't matter how buff you
are, how green your make-up is, or how purple your shorts are. It
won't make a damn difference at all, because any costume is going to
remind us of Cosplay Hulk and we won't take you seriously. In the same
vein, we cannot ever again look at any rendition of Hulk on a screen
without thinking to how much better he would be with a pair of crooked
googly eyes on his forehead.

2.  ***Cosplay Hulk the first costume worthy of his own costume..***
We really hope that come this October, we will see at least one guy in
green spandex with sharpie muscles and googly eyes who is not dressed
up as Hulk, but dressed up as Cosplay Hulk. It's the first great
meta-costume that we know of.

3.  ***Cosplay Hulk is famous, yet nobody knows who he is!*** He is a
true modern day superhero. He could be any one among us, but we will
never know. Who lies under the green mask?  Does he use his anonymity
to fight crime?  Who is his nemesis?  Is he friends with a girl who
only loves his cosplay form and doesn't know that they are one and the
same?

Cosplay Hulk, if you're ever reading this, please know we are huge
fans.  Keep fighting the good fight; we know that you are the hero the
internet needs but not the one it deserves.

<meta property="og:image" content="/assets/images/avengers_2.jpg" />
<img style="float:right; width: 500px; padding:10px" src="/assets/images/avengers_2.jpg" alt=""/>


[googlecosplay]: http://lmgtfy.com/?q=cosplay
[goodcosplay]: http://goodcosplay.tumblr.com
